Write blog for webvm hackathon (#125)
leaningtech/labs: content/blog/join-the-webvm-hackathon.md

description: |
  WebVM: The Hackathon is a global hybrid event open to all developers. Dive into terminal-based solutions using CheerpX and showcase your coding skills for a chance to win amazing prizes.
pubDate: "2024-09-26"
categories:
  - "webvm"
  - "company-news"
authors:
  - stefano
heroImage: ./hackathon-banner.jpeg
tags:
  - CheerpX
  - Cheerp
---

Are you ready to showcase your coding skills and dive into the world of terminal-based solutions? We are thrilled to announce [**WebVM: The Hackathon**](https://cheerpx.io/hackathon), a global hybrid event open to all developers! This exciting event will take place from **October 11th to 14th, 2024**, and promises to be a weekend full of creativity, collaboration, and innovation.

## What is WebVM: The Hackathon?

WebVM: The Hackathon is a unique event that challenges developers to leverage [**CheerpX**](https://cheerpx.io/), a WebAssembly-powered tool for executing x86 binaries on the browser. Whether you're a seasoned developer or just starting out, this hackathon is the perfect opportunity to push your limits, learn new skills, and create something amazing.

## Event Highlights

> - **Amazing Prizes**: The winning team will receive a sweet **500 GBP** prize!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Amazing Prize**: The winning team will receive a sweet **500 GBP gift card** prize!
```

> - **Free Refreshments**: We'll provide snacks and refreshments to keep you energized throughout the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Free Refreshments**: We'll provide snacks and refreshments at the in-person sites to keep you energized throughout the event.
```
